# MathGames
A class that encapsulates methods that simulate math games.
## fizzBuzz()
>FizzBuzz is a game I learned long ago in elementary school French class as a way to practice counting in that language. The players take turns counting, starting with one and going up. The rules are simple: when your turn arrives, you say the next number. However, if that number is a multiple of five, you say "fizz" instead. If the number is a multiple of seven, you say "buzz." And if the number is a multiple of both, you say "fizzbuzz."
### Requirements
#### 1.0
Write a console app that prints out the first 100 terms generated by playing the childrens counting game *FizzBuzz*.

This version is done with very simple Java code designed for basic practice. There is no object orientation (just a single `main` class). It introduces the idea of modulus for determining when one number is divisible by another.

#### Possible future versions
Accepts user input specifying the number of terms to print.

## addends()
### Requirements
#### 1.0
Write a console app that receives the set of integers `[1, 2, 5, 6, 17]` and the integer `23` and returns the pair of integers in the set that sum to 23 (namely, `6` and `17`).
#### Possible future versions
* Accept user input specifying a set of integers and a sum, and return any pair of integers in the set that add to the given sum.

# MathSequenceGenerator
A class that encapsulates methods that generate various mathematical sequences.
## fibonacci()
The Fibonacci numbers are a sequence of numbers in which each successive number is the sum of the two preceding numbers. The first few numbers of the sequence are 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13,… This sequence appears in interesting places in nature. For example, the number of petals on most species of flowers is one of the Fibonacci numbers.
### Requirements
#### 1.0
Write a console app called Sequences that contains a method, call it `fibonacci`, that prints out the first 20 terms of the Fibonacci sequence (assume the initial two elements in the sequence is 1, 1).
#### Possible future versions
* Modify `fibonacci()` so that it accepts user input specifying the number of terms to print
* Modify `fibonacci()` so that it uses recursion to generate the terms of the sequence
* Add additional methods that print out other mathematical sequences


